Add support for GPIO Control using libgpiod (as sysfsgpio is deprecated) (#1569)
labgrid-project/labgrid: doc/configuration.rst

Arguments:
  - delay (float, default=2.0): delay in seconds between off and on

ManualButtonDriver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A :any:`ManualButtonDriver` requires the user to control the taget button.
Theis is required if a stratefy is used with the target, but no automatic
button control is available.

The driver's name will be displayed during interaction.

Binds to:
  - None

Implements:
  - :any:`ButtonProtocol`

.. code-block:: yaml

   MantualButtonDriver:
     name: 'example-board'

Arguments:
  - None

ExternalButtonDriver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
An :any:`ExternalButtonDriver` is used to control a target button via an
external command.

Binds to:
  - None

Implements:
  - :any:`ButtonProtocol`

.. code-block:: yaml

   ExternalButtonDriver:
     cmd_press: 'example_command press'
     cmd_release: 'example_command release'
     cmd_toggle: 'example_command toggle'
     cmd_toggle_for: 'example_command toggle_for'

Arguments:

>   - cmd_press (str): command to press the button on the board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - cmd_press (str): command to press and hold the button on the board
```

I suggest clarifying that this means the button must be released.

Author: fixed

  - cmd_release (str): command to release the button on the board

>   - cmd_toogle (str): command to toggle the button on the board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - cmd_toogle (str): command to press and release  the button on the board
```

Author: fixed

>   - cmd_toggle_for (str): options command to toggle, pause, and toggle again

Reviewer: The current description reads to me as button down, immediately button up, wait, then button down, immediately button up. Is that correct?

Or did you mean button down, wait, button up? If so, would `press_and_hold_for` be a better name?

Author: I must admit that it really isn't clear.  

Actually, the toggle methods don't really apply to a button.  Maybe it would be better to add a new method to DigitialOutputProtocol called "invert".  An "invert_for" method is probably not necessary.

About the button methods, I think of press as "press and hold".  I can understand how people would think that pressing a button is press then release as one movement.  I, on the other hand, think of buttons as being pressed and then released as two movements..  I would like to have it as clear as possible.  I am open to suggestions.  

Currently my thoughts go more towards "press" for press and hold, "release" to release, and "press_for" as press, wait a delay, and release.  I would like to keep the names of the commands short for labgrid-client.

Thanks for catching the spelling errors.  :)

I might have time this evening to make the changes, otherwise they will be made tomorrow.

Author: updated as described
